fastlane documentation
----

# Installation

Make sure you have the latest version of the Xcode command line tools installed:

```sh
xcode-select --install
```

For _fastlane_ installation instructions, see [Installing _fastlane_](https://docs.fastlane.tools/#installing-fastlane)

# Available Actions

### generate_docs

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane generate_docs
```



### fetch_dependencies

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane fetch_dependencies
```

**Fetch flutter dependencies**

### build_autogenerated_code

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane build_autogenerated_code
```

**Generate flutter generated code**

### lint_format

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane lint_format
```

**Lint: Check code format**

### lint_check_language_sorting

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane lint_check_language_sorting
```

**Lint: Check code format**

### lint_analyze

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane lint_analyze
```

**Lint: Analyze code**

### lint_code_metrics

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane lint_code_metrics
```

**Lint: Code metrics**

### lints

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane lints
```

**Run linters**

### ensure_no_change_in_generated_code

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ensure_no_change_in_generated_code
```

**Check generated code is fine**

### tests

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane tests
```

**Run tests**

### clean_up

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane clean_up
```

**Clean up project**

### build_flutter

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane build_flutter
```



### get_next_build_number

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane get_next_build_number
```

**Get next Build Number**

----


## Android

### android build_apk

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane android build_apk
```

**Generates a release apk**

#### Envs
 * **`env`**: Sets the env. It sets the flavour and the dart env. The executed command is `build apk --flavor env --dart-define=ENV=env --debug`

### android build_appbundle

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane android build_appbundle
```

**Generates a release app bundle build**

#### Envs
 * **`env`**: Sets the env. It sets the flavour and the dart env. The executed command is `flutter build appbundle --flavor env --dart-define=ENV=env --release`

### android build_dev_debug_apk

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane android build_dev_debug_apk
```

**Build dev debug app**

### android build_prod

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane android build_prod
```

**Assemble prod apk release version**

### android build_dev

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane android build_dev
```

**Assemble dev apk release version**

### android deploy_firebase_app_distribution

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane android deploy_firebase_app_distribution
```

**Submit a new Beta Build to Firebase app distribution**

#### Envs
 * **`FIREBASE_APP_ID`**: Firebase app id.
 * **`FIREBASE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_FILE`**: The path to your Google service account json file.
 * **`FIREBASE_TESTERS`**: The email addresses of the testers you want to invite.
 You can specify the testers as a comma-separated list of email addresses: "ali@example.com, bri@example.com, cal@example.com"


### android publish_prod_google_play

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane android publish_prod_google_play
```

**Deploy a new version to the Google Play**

#### Envs
 * **`GOOGLE_PLAY_TRACK`**: Sets the release track. The default value is `internal`
 * **`GOOGLE_PLAY_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_CREDENTIALS_FILE`**: Sets the service account file.
 * **`GOOGLE_PLAY_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_CREDENTIALS_CONTENT`**: Sets the service account content file.

----

This README.md is auto-generated and will be re-generated every time [_fastlane_](https://fastlane.tools) is run.

More information about _fastlane_ can be found on [fastlane.tools](https://fastlane.tools).

The documentation of _fastlane_ can be found on [docs.fastlane.tools](https://docs.fastlane.tools).
